---------------------------POR HACER
Every program starts its execution in a function called main. It is an error if the program does not contain a function with this name.
Any variable defined outside a function is a global variable. The scope of a global variable is the body of all the functions in the program, even those defined before the variable itself.

F
It’s an error to define two global variables with the same name.
It’s an error to define two functions with the same name.
In every function call the number of arguments must match the number of parameters contained in the corresponding function definition.
The assignment, function call, conditional, loops, break, and return statements behave like their C# counterparts. The increment statement (inc) adds one to the provided variable, while the decrement statement (dec) subtracts one from it.

L
The following names are part of the initial namespace for functions and constitute Drac’s API (the number after the slash symbol (/) is the arity of the given function): http://34.212.143.74/s202111/tc3048/drac/drac_language_spec.html#_semantics

D
Each function has its own independent namespace for its local names. This means that parameter and local variable names have to be unique inside the body of each function. It’s valid to have a parameter or local variable name with the same name as a global variable. In that case the local name shadows the global variable.
It’s an error to refer to a variable, parameter or function not in scope in the current namespace.

----------------------------Falta detalles
Function names and global variables exist in different namespaces. This means that you can have a global variable with the same name as a function and vice versa.




----------------------------Completados
For the conditional and loop statements (if, while, and do-while) the number 0 is the only value considered false, everything else is considered true.
The language only supports a 32-bit signed two’s complement integer (int32) data type. This is the data type for every variable, parameter and function return value. This means that a Drac compiler doesn’t need to verify type consistency.
Values of integer literals should be between -2147483648 and 2147483647 (−231 and 231−1, respectively).
A function returns zero by default, except if it executes an explicit return statement with some other value.


---------------------------No sé
A function definition is visible from the body of all the functions in a program, even from itself. Thus, functions can call themselves recursively directly or indirectly.
The break statement can only be used inside the body of a while or do-while statements.
The value returned by the main function must be the exit code returned by the program to the operating system.


var a 1
pepe(){
    a=2 2
    
    if(a>0){ 3
        var b 3 
        b=5

        if b!=10 { 4
            var C
            c=20
            b=C
        }
        dec b 3
    }3
    inc b 2
}2

1

tabla
a global 1
a local  2
a local  3
a local  4


